between 2.1 starting now sequence of
arrows to the right but only for
friedmam puts reverse search for the
first point in the second window in the
first goal
I have a cd that's it as they
are there I'll see the point here is the
first mark the first goal is
the vision in the first marisa in the second
window in the door
the second window on the car door now
turn steering wheel two turns to the right
Right, I 'm already on the right to get Friday.
Beacon contained no black marking the
rear window chassis or
Steering wheel will be free sixth beauty
finding turned the year to left
arrow right to enter ball
looking through the rearview mirror of the
central beacon and external mirror
from the left side to the
Yellow band on the horizon without hitting the
to bring just one minute closer to the
Rear shot two back to
right occupies two turns to the right
right continues to the right leads to the car
forward to split the goal
ok, just minute video at goal
today a Celtic right foot and vehicle
the left reverse gear goes straight
until approaching the central beacon stopped the
steering wheel all to the left arrow to the
left first gear face out
to the first valence in the middle of the
door in the middle of the canopy left open the
door to the first beacon in the middle of the door
so turn the wheel all the way to
right
every parent right arrow left and right
kicked out
takes you to align the white stripe on the
horizon
allying with the white band stopped two
Left turns moves on
because just to get out of the way because
front stopped stop dead was gone
of brother to turn the arrow finished the goal
OK